workloads/upgrade-perf/README.md, before:

# Upgrade Scripts

The purpose of the upgrade scripts is to upgrade an Openshift Cluster
to a given version. It will report the timings to Elasticsearch.

Running from CLI:

```sh
$ ./run_<test-name>_fromgit.sh 
```

## Environment variables

### VERSION
Default: ''
The version to upgrade to. The version must be on the list of previous or available updates.

### TOIMAGE
Default: ''
This is an optional location of an image to upgrade to.

### LATEST
Default: ''
Upgrades to the latest version available in the channel when set to true.

### CHANNEL
Channel to set for the upgrade to find the image to upgrade to, they can found at https://github.com/openshift/cincinnati-graph-data/blob/master/channels/. 
The channel set on the cluster is not tweaked if this variable is not set.

### POLL_INTERVAL
Default: 5
How long (in seconds) to have the test wait inbetween ready checks

### TIMEOUT
Default: 240
Timeout value (in minutes) for the upgrade. NOTE: there is no rollback on failure

### ES_SERVER
Default: `milton.aws.com`  
Elasticsearch server to index the results of the current run

### ES_PORT
Default: ``  
Port number for elasticsearch server

### COMPARE (not implemented yet)
Default: `false`   
Enable/Disable the ability to compare two runs. If set to `true`, the next set of environment variables pertaining to the type of test are required

### BASELINE_CLOUD_NAME
Default: ``    
Name you would like to give your baseline cloud. It will appear as a header in the CSV file

### ES_SERVER_BASELINE 
Default: ``   
Elasticsearch server used used by the baseline run 

### ES_PORT_BASELINE
Default: `80`  
Port number for the elasticsearch server used by the baseline run

### BASELINE_UUID
Default: ``   
Baseline UUID 

### CERBERUS_URL
Default: ``
URL to check the health of the cluster using Cerberus (https://github.com/openshift-scale/cerberus).

## Suggested configurations

```sh
export ES_SERVER=
export ES_PORT=
export COMPARE=false
export BASELINE_CLOUD_NAME=
export ES_SERVER_BASELINE=
export ES_PORT_BASELINE=
export BASELINE_UUID=
export VERSION=
export TOVERSION=
export POLL_INTERVAL=
export TIMEOUT=
export CERBERUS_URL=http://1.2.3.4:8080
```

Commit message:

Add ES_SERVER format for authenticated requests
Signed-off-by: Kedar Vijay Kulkarni <kkulkarni@redhat.com>

workloads/upgrade-perf/README.md, after:

# Upgrade Scripts

The purpose of the upgrade scripts is to upgrade an Openshift Cluster
to a given version. It will report the timings to Elasticsearch.

Running from CLI:

```sh
$ ./run_<test-name>_fromgit.sh 
```

## Environment variables

### VERSION
Default: ''
The version to upgrade to. The version must be on the list of previous or available updates.

### TOIMAGE
Default: ''
This is an optional location of an image to upgrade to.

### LATEST
Default: ''
Upgrades to the latest version available in the channel when set to true.

### CHANNEL
Channel to set for the upgrade to find the image to upgrade to, they can found at https://github.com/openshift/cincinnati-graph-data/blob/master/channels/. 
The channel set on the cluster is not tweaked if this variable is not set.

### POLL_INTERVAL
Default: 5
How long (in seconds) to have the test wait inbetween ready checks

### TIMEOUT
Default: 240
Timeout value (in minutes) for the upgrade. NOTE: there is no rollback on failure

### ES_SERVER
Default: `milton.aws.com`  
Elasticsearch server to index the results of the current run

You can use following format if your Elastic server needs authentication : `https://<user>:<pass>@<es-instance>:<port-no>`

### ES_PORT
Default: ``  
Port number for elasticsearch server

### COMPARE (not implemented yet)
Default: `false`   
Enable/Disable the ability to compare two runs. If set to `true`, the next set of environment variables pertaining to the type of test are required

### BASELINE_CLOUD_NAME
Default: ``    
Name you would like to give your baseline cloud. It will appear as a header in the CSV file

### ES_SERVER_BASELINE 
Default: ``   
Elasticsearch server used used by the baseline run 

### ES_PORT_BASELINE
Default: `80`  
Port number for the elasticsearch server used by the baseline run

### BASELINE_UUID
Default: ``   
Baseline UUID 

### CERBERUS_URL
Default: ``
URL to check the health of the cluster using Cerberus (https://github.com/openshift-scale/cerberus).

## Suggested configurations

```sh
export ES_SERVER=https://<user>:<pass>@<es-instance>:<port-no>
export ES_PORT=
export COMPARE=false
export BASELINE_CLOUD_NAME=
export ES_SERVER_BASELINE=
export ES_PORT_BASELINE=
export BASELINE_UUID=
export VERSION=
export TOVERSION=
export POLL_INTERVAL=
export TIMEOUT=
export CERBERUS_URL=http://1.2.3.4:8080
```
