workloads/hyper-scale/README.md, before:

# Hypershift perfscale Scripts

The purpose of the script is to install Hypershift Operator on an Openshift cluster and create HostedCluster workload on them.

Prerequisites, 
1. Install these OS packages - `make`, `jq`
2. Set management cluster `$KUBECONFIG` environment variable
3. Set other vars in `env.sh`

Run the script,
1. Install Operator and create cluster: `./run.sh build`
2. Cleanup clusters: `./run.sh clean`


Running from CLI:

```sh
$./run.sh build
```

## Workload variables

The run.sh script can be tweaked with the following environment variables

| Variable                | Description              | Default |
|-------------------------|--------------------------|---------|
| **AWS_REGION**            | AWS region where the management cluster lives on | `us-west-2` |
| **AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID**       | AWS access key for authentication | **REQUIRED** |
| **AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY**     | AWS secret for authentication | **REQUIRED** |
| **ROSA_ENVIRONMENT**           | ROSA environment, `staging` or `production`, but at the moment hypershift isn't available on production so only supported environment is `staging`  | `staging` |
| **ROSA_TOKEN** | ROSA token for access, only staging account token is valid currently | **REQUIRED** |
| **PULL_SECRET**   | Cloud pull secret for Openshift installation  | **REQUIRED** |
| **NUMBER_OF_HOSTED_CLUSTER**         | Integer: number of hosted cluster to be deployed on given management cluster | `2` |
| **COMPUTE_WORKERS_NUMBER**         | Integer: number of workers nodes to be created on each hosted cluster | `24` |
| **NETWORK_TYPE**         | Network type of the hosted cluster, only supported value is OpenShiftSDN | `OpenShiftSDN` |
| **CONTROLPLANE_REPLICA_TYPE**             | Hosted controlplane availability, supported values are `HighlyAvailable`, `SingleReplica` | `HighlyAvailable` |
| **INFRA_REPLICA_TYPE**             | Infra component  availability, supported values are `HighlyAvailable`, `SingleReplica` | `HighlyAvailable`
| **COMPUTE_WORKERS_TYPE**            | AWS instance type of the workers to be used | `m5.4xlarge` |
| **HYPERSHIFT_OPERATOR_IMAGE**    | The Hypershift operator version image | `quay.io/hypershift/hypershift-operator:latest` |
| **RELEASE_IMAGE**    | The OCP release image for the hostedcluster, ex: `quay.io/openshift-release-dev/ocp-release:4.10.5-x86_64` | Operator default |
| **CPO_IMAGE** | Custom control plane operator image ex: `quay.io/hypershift/hypershift:latest` | Operator default |
| **HYPERSHIFT_CLI_INSTALL**         | Boolean: to install/re-install hypershift CLI  | `true` |
| **HYPERSHIFT_CLI_VERSION**         | Version of hypershift CLI, branch name of the fork | `master` |
| **HYPERSHIFT_CLI_FORK**         | Github source url of hypershift CLI | https://github.com/openshift/hypershift |
| **ENABLE_INDEX**             | Boolean: To index management cluster stats during HostedCluster creation | `true` |
| **ES_SERVER**            | ElasticSearch server url | |
| **ES_INDEX**    | ElasticSearch Index to be used | `ripsaw-kube-burner` |
| **THANOS_QUERIER_URL** | Thanos querier url endpoint or management cluster prometheus public endpoint  |  |

Commit message:

updated hypershift option to include external-dns option (#511)
* updated code to include external-dns option

* updated cond to check for `true`

* checking hyp release >= 4.12 to use ext-dns

* updated readme

* shorten hc cluster name

* corrected caller referance

* removed endpoint

* formatted output

* corrected preflight checks

* changed cluster naming

workloads/hyper-scale/README.md, after:

# Hypershift perfscale Scripts

The purpose of the script is to install Hypershift Operator on an Openshift cluster and create HostedCluster workload on them.

Prerequisites, 
1. Install these OS packages - `make`, `jq`
2. Set management cluster `$KUBECONFIG` environment variable
3. Set other vars in `env.sh`

Run the script,
1. Install Operator and create cluster: `./run.sh build`
2. Cleanup clusters: `./run.sh clean`


Running from CLI:

```sh
$./run.sh build
```

## Workload variables

The run.sh script can be tweaked with the following environment variables

| Variable                | Description              | Default |
|-------------------------|--------------------------|---------|
| **AWS_REGION**            | AWS region where the management cluster lives on | `us-west-2` |
| **AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID**       | AWS access key for authentication | **REQUIRED** |
| **AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY**     | AWS secret for authentication | **REQUIRED** |
| **ROSA_ENVIRONMENT**           | ROSA environment, `staging` or `production`, but at the moment hypershift isn't available on production so only supported environment is `staging`  | `staging` |
| **ROSA_TOKEN** | ROSA token for access, only staging account token is valid currently | **REQUIRED** |
| **PULL_SECRET**   | Cloud pull secret for Openshift installation  | **REQUIRED** |
| **NUMBER_OF_HOSTED_CLUSTER**         | Integer: number of hosted cluster to be deployed on given management cluster | `2` |
| **COMPUTE_WORKERS_NUMBER**         | Integer: number of workers per Availability Zone to be created, when `HC_MULTI_AZ` is set to `true` this values get multiplied in to 3 | `1` |
| **NETWORK_TYPE**         | Network type of the hosted cluster, only supported value is OpenShiftSDN | `OpenShiftSDN` |
| **CONTROLPLANE_REPLICA_TYPE**             | Hosted controlplane availability, supported values are `HighlyAvailable`, `SingleReplica` | `HighlyAvailable` |
| **INFRA_REPLICA_TYPE**             | Infra component  availability, supported values are `HighlyAvailable`, `SingleReplica` | `HighlyAvailable`
| **COMPUTE_WORKERS_TYPE**            | AWS instance type of the workers to be used | `m5.4xlarge` |
| **HYPERSHIFT_OPERATOR_IMAGE**    | The Hypershift operator version image | `quay.io/hypershift/hypershift-operator:latest` |
| **RELEASE_IMAGE**    | The OCP release image for the hostedcluster, ex: `quay.io/openshift-release-dev/ocp-release:4.10.5-x86_64` | Operator default |
| **CPO_IMAGE** | Custom control plane operator image ex: `quay.io/hypershift/hypershift:latest` | Operator default |
| **HYPERSHIFT_CLI_INSTALL**         | Boolean: to install/re-install hypershift CLI  | `true` |
| **HYPERSHIFT_CLI_VERSION**         | Version of hypershift CLI, branch name of the fork | `master` |
| **HYPERSHIFT_CLI_FORK**         | Github source url of hypershift CLI | https://github.com/openshift/hypershift |
| **ENABLE_INDEX**             | Boolean: To index management cluster stats during HostedCluster creation | `true` |
| **ES_SERVER**            | ElasticSearch server url | |
| **ES_INDEX**    | ElasticSearch Index to be used | `ripsaw-kube-burner` |
| **THANOS_QUERIER_URL** | Thanos querier url endpoint or management cluster prometheus public endpoint  |  |
| **HCP_PLATFORM_MONITORING** | Boolean to enable hypershift platform monitoring flag  | `false` |
| **HC_EXTERNAL_DNS** | Boolean to enable external-dns option, script takes care of setting up in AWS and it can be used only when HC release >= 4.12 | `true` |
| **HC_MULTI_AZ** | Boolean to enable multi availability zone for cluster nodepool, uses a,b,c of `AWS_REGION`  | `true` |
