workloads/api-load/README.md, before:

# ocm-api-load e2e benchmarks

In order to kick off one of these benchmarks you must use the run.sh script.

Running from CLI:

```sh
$TESTS="list-clusters list-subscriptions" GATEWAY_URL="http://localhost:8080" OCM_TOKEN="notARealToken" RATE=10/s AWS_ACCESS_KEY="empty" AWS_ACCESS_SECRET="empty" AWS_ACCOUNT_ID="empty" ./run.sh
```

## Environment variables

Workloads can be tweaked with the following environment variables:


| Variable         | Description                         | Default |
|------------------|-------------------------------------|---------|
| **OPERATOR_REPO**    | Benchmark-operator repo         | https://github.com/cloud-bulldozer/benchmark-operator.git      |
| **OPERATOR_BRANCH**  | Benchmark-operator branch       | master  |
| **ES_SERVER**        | Elasticsearch endpoint          | https://search-perfscale-dev-chmf5l4sh66lvxbnadi4bznl3a.us-west-2.es.amazonaws.com:443|
| **ES_INDEX**         | Elasticsearch index             | ripsaw-api-load|
| **TEST_TIMEOUT**        | Benchmark timeout, in seconds | 7200 (2 hours) |
| **TEST_CLEANUP**        | Remove benchmark CR at the end | true |
| **GATEWAY_URL**      | Gateway url to perform the test against       | "https://api.integration.openshift.com |
| **OCM_TOKEN**| OCM Authorization token |  |
| **AWS_ACCESS_KEY**    | AWS access key          |  |
| **AWS_ACCESS_SECRET**              | AWS access secret                     |       |
| **AWS_ACCOUNT_ID**            | AWS Account ID, is the 12-digit account number |       |
| **RATE**| Rate of the attack. Format example 5/s | 10/s |
| **DURATION**         | Duration of each individual run in minutes | 1 |
| **OUTPUT_PATH** | Output directory for result and report files | /tmp/results |
| **COOLDOWN**         | Cooldown time between tests in seconds | 10 |
| **SLEEP**   |  | 5 |
| **TESTS** | Test names string i.e "list-clusters self-access-token list-subscriptions access-review register-new-cluster register-existing-cluster create-cluster get-current-account quota-cost resource-review cluster-authorizations self-terms-review certificates"| |

**Note**: You can use basic authentication for ES indexing using the notation `http(s)://[username]:[password]@[host]:[port]` in **ES_SERVER**.
Supported test names are "list-cluster self-access-token list-subscriptions access-review register-new-cluster register-existing-cluster create-cluster get-current-account quota-cost resource-review cluster-authorizations self-terms-review certificates"
Each test can be configured with specific rate and duration. For example, LIST_CLUSTERS_RATE and LIST_CLUSTERS_DURATION can be used to configure rate and duration for list-cluster test

Commit message:

rename env vars (#410)
rename snappy and aws env vars similar to other workloads. This
allows ocm api load to use snappy and aws vars defined in Vault
when run using airflow dags.

ocm api load testing needs OsdCcsAdmin user's aws token.
We create it before running the workload and delete after
finishing the workload.

workloads/api-load/README.md, after:

# ocm-api-load e2e benchmarks

In order to kick off one of these benchmarks you must use the run.sh script.

Running from CLI:

```sh
$TESTS="list-clusters list-subscriptions" GATEWAY_URL="http://localhost:8080" OCM_TOKEN="notARealToken" RATE=10/s AWS_ACCESS_KEY="empty" AWS_ACCESS_SECRET="empty" AWS_ACCOUNT_ID="empty" ./run.sh
```

## Dependencies

This workload requires awscli tool. Please install awscli before running this workload.


## Environment variables

Workloads can be tweaked with the following environment variables:


| Variable         | Description                         | Default |
|------------------|-------------------------------------|---------|
| **OPERATOR_REPO**    | Benchmark-operator repo         | https://github.com/cloud-bulldozer/benchmark-operator.git      |
| **OPERATOR_BRANCH**  | Benchmark-operator branch       | master  |
| **ES_SERVER**        | Elasticsearch endpoint          | https://search-perfscale-dev-chmf5l4sh66lvxbnadi4bznl3a.us-west-2.es.amazonaws.com:443|
| **ES_INDEX**         | Elasticsearch index             | ripsaw-api-load|
| **TEST_TIMEOUT**        | Benchmark timeout, in seconds | 7200 (2 hours) |
| **TEST_CLEANUP**        | Remove benchmark CR at the end | true |
| **GATEWAY_URL**      | Gateway url to perform the test against       | "https://api.integration.openshift.com |
| **OCM_TOKEN**| OCM Authorization token |  |
| **AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID**    | AWS access key          |  |
| **AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY**              | AWS access secret                     |       |
| **AWS_ACCOUNT_ID**            | AWS Account ID, is the 12-digit account number |       |
| **SNAPPY_DATA_SERVER_URL**    | The Snappy data server url, where you want to move files          |  |
| **SNAPPY_DATA_SERVER_USERNAME**    | Username for the Snappy data-server          |  |
| **SNAPPY_DATA_SERVER_PASSWORD**    | Password for the Snappy data-server          |  |
| **RATE**| Rate of the attack. Format example 5/s | 10/s |
| **DURATION**         | Duration of each individual run in minutes | 1 |
| **OUTPUT_PATH** | Output directory for result and report files | /tmp/results |
| **COOLDOWN**         | Cooldown time between tests in seconds | 10 |
| **SLEEP**   |  | 5 |
| **TESTS** | Test names string i.e "list-clusters self-access-token list-subscriptions access-review register-new-cluster register-existing-cluster create-cluster get-current-account quota-cost resource-review cluster-authorizations self-terms-review certificates"| |

**Note**: You can use basic authentication for ES indexing using the notation `http(s)://[username]:[password]@[host]:[port]` in **ES_SERVER**.
Supported test names are "list-cluster self-access-token list-subscriptions access-review register-new-cluster register-existing-cluster create-cluster get-current-account quota-cost resource-review cluster-authorizations self-terms-review certificates"
Each test can be configured with specific rate and duration. For example, LIST_CLUSTERS_RATE and LIST_CLUSTERS_DURATION can be used to configure rate and duration for list-cluster test
